The Personalized Internet Ads Assessor program requires a Gmail account to be created exclusively for Personalized Internet Ads Assessor work purposes. You will use this new Gmail account to log into the rating system and to send and receive work-related emails.
When choosing a username for your new Work Gmail account, please select one that meets all of the following conditions:
Includes ti at the beginning
Does not contain your first or last name
Does not contain any personal details
Does not contain nicknames
An appropriate Work Gmail would be any of the following:
tipurple1234@gmail.com
timydogspot@gmail.com
tiaccount54321@gmail.com
An inappropriate Work Gmail would be any of the following:
john.doe12345@gmail.com
johnjohn98765@gmail.com
doe.johnti@gmail.com
Please visit www.gmail.com to create your new account.
You should use this Gmail account only for correspondence related to your Personalized Internet Ads Assessor work. You should not use this Gmail account for personal messages. You should not give this email address to anyone besides TELUS International AI or the Ads Eval Team, unless specifically instructed in your Personalized Internet Ads Assessor work tasks. You may be asked to set up forwarding from this account, which will automatically route all incoming messages to the Ads Program Team, so it is very important that your account does not receive any personal email.
It is your responsibility to check this Gmail account regularly, as important messages relating to your work will be sent there. If you have more than one Gmail account, it is your responsibility to make sure you are using the correct Gmail account at any time. We recommend that you select a different theme for each Gmail account (under Settings) to help you keep track of the Gmail account you are logged into.
Location-Based Rating Agreement:
You will be required to provide your personal Gmail address in addition to your newly created Personalized Ads Assessor Gmail address in order to participate in the location-based rating tasks.
Please review the attached Location Based Rating Agreement document for full details on this task type. You will need to confirm your understanding of this document and acceptance to work on these tasks through the Terms & Conditions Questionnaire.
